# The 3rd Annual Cornell Investment Portfolio Case Competition
## 2019 Case: Robo-Advisor Design
General Case Competition Information
Offering effective financial advice to small‐balance customers has always been a challenge for investment managers due to the lack of sufficient fee revenue to cover servicing costs. Financial technology may be the solution! The first fully‐automated, web‐based Robo Advisors began operations in 2008 and automated advisors have experienced rapid growth; now managing over $300 billion in assets. This case includes a description of a mid‐sized mutual‐fund company that seeks to introduce its own automated financial advisory service.

Case teams will need to study the unique characteristics of the firm and design a state‐of‐the‐art asset allocation process that integrates the firm’s current investment offerings and perhaps supplements it with others. Teams will need to decide what customer information to request, how to deliver the advice and how to price the service. Participants will have the opportunity to think outside the box and apply their asset allocation modeling skills to this special challenge based on the current investment business environment. Teams may formulate their own investment product definitions, portfolio processes, benchmarks and performance records, but are cautioned to avoid assuming unrealistic descriptions. Participants are also encouraged to propose fee structures, but are advised to set competitive rates that are also profitable for the firm.

(Organized by Cornell’s Parker Center for Investment Research, Johnson Investment Management Club and Cornell Financial Engineering Manhattan (CFEM) Friday, February 1, 2019, Cornell Tech Campus, Roosevelt Island, NYC)
